0x01-variables_if_else_while/README.md, before:

# Variables, if, else, while

## Script 0
- assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed

## Script 1
- print the last digit of the number stored in the variable

## Script 2
- prints the alphabet in lowercase, followed by a new line.

## Script 3
- program that prints the alphabet in lowercase, and then in uppercase, followed by a new line.

## Script 4
- program that prints all alphabet letters except some

## Script 5
-  prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0, followed by a new line.

## Script 6
- prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0

## Script 7
- program that prints the lowercase alphabet in reverse, followed by a new line.

## Script 8
- prints all the numbers of base 16 in lowercase

## Script 9
-  program that prints all possible combinations of single-digit numbers.

## Script 10
- prints all possible different combinations of two digits

## Script 11
- program that prints all possible different combinations of three digits.

Commit message:

prints all possible combinations of two two-digit numbers

0x01-variables_if_else_while/README.md, after:

# Variables, if, else, while

## Script 0
- assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed

## Script 1
- print the last digit of the number stored in the variable

## Script 2
- prints the alphabet in lowercase, followed by a new line.

## Script 3
- program that prints the alphabet in lowercase, and then in uppercase, followed by a new line.

## Script 4
- program that prints all alphabet letters except some

## Script 5
-  prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0, followed by a new line.

## Script 6
- prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0

## Script 7
- program that prints the lowercase alphabet in reverse, followed by a new line.

## Script 8
- prints all the numbers of base 16 in lowercase

## Script 9
-  program that prints all possible combinations of single-digit numbers.

## Script 10
- prints all possible different combinations of two digits

## Script 11
- program that prints all possible different combinations of three digits.

## Script 12
- prints all possible combinations of two two-digit numbers.
